1) C is a general-purpose, imperative computer programming language, supporting structured programming, lexical variable scope and recursion, while a static type system prevents many unintended operations. 
By design, C provides constructs that map efficiently to typical machine instructions, and therefore it has found lasting use in applications that had formerly been coded in assembly language, including operating systems, as well as various application software for computers ranging from supercomputers to embedded systems.
It defers from C# from the fact that C# is an object oriented programming language.

2) Java is a general-purpose computer programming language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented,[ and specifically designed to have as few implementation dependencies as possible. 
It is intended to let application developers "write once, run anywhere" (WORA), meaning that compiled Java code can run on all platforms that support Java without the need for recompilation
Java and C# are similar programming languages that are statically, strongly, and manifestly typed, both are class-based object-oriented, both are designed with semi-interpretation or runtime compilation in mind, both use garbage-collection, and both are "curly brace languages".

3) PHP is a server-side scripting language created in 1995 and designed for web development but also used as a general-purpose programming language. Originally created by Rasmus Lerdorf in 1994
.PHP code can be simply mixed with HTML code, or it can be used in combination with various templating engines and web frameworks. PHP code is usually processed by a PHP interpreter, which is usually implemented as a web server's native module or a Common Gateway Interface (CGI) executable
C# is  a Statically typed language. Multi-paradigm. Functional features. While PHP  is a widely-used general-purpose scripting language that is especially suited for Web development and can be embedded into HTML.
  

4) JavaScript also known as ECMAScript is a dynamic programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed.
JavaScript is classified as a prototype-based scripting language with dynamic typing and first-class functions. This mix of features makes it a multi-paradigm language, supporting object-oriented,imperative, and functional programming styles.
C# is an object oriented programming language and Javascript can also be used as an OOP language .

5) C++   is a general-purpose programming language. It has imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features, while also providing facilities for low-level memory manipulation.
It is designed with a bias toward system programming and embedded, resource-constrained and large systems, with performance, efficiency and flexibility of use as its design highlights.C++ has also been found useful in many other contexts, with key strengths being software infrastructure and resource-constrained applications.
C# has been greatly influanced by C++ 
